# Log Team Meeting 8
28 October 2021
**_This file is unfinished._**
## Decisions
* item1

## Finished Tasks
* Measuring required angular overlap for image stitching

## Future Tasks
* item1
  
## Running Tasks (general)
* Writing intermediate report
* ...

## Running Tasks (individual)
Person | Hour 1 | Hour 2 | Hour 3 | Hour 4 | After hours (specify time)
------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | -------------
**Jasper Laitem** | task1 | = | task2 | task3
**Jonas Buts**    |  Writing intermediate report  |   =  |  =    | =
**Lars Depuydt**  |    |     |      |
**Robin Anné**    | Measuring, gathering data of overlap necessary for image stitching algorithm | = | Troubleshooting 'Backend Error' | = 
**Ruben Janssen** | Writing intermediate report  | = | = | = 
**Wout Bergmans** | Writing and correcting of paper | = | = | =

#
#### Gelezen en goedgekeurd
Jasper Laitem <br/>
Jonas Buts <br/>
Lars Depuydt <br/>
Robin Anné <br/>
Ruben Janssen <br/>
Wout Bergmans
