# Log Team Meeting 1
04 October 2021

## Decisions
* Team leader: Lars Depuydt
* Notulist: anyone
* Communication via Discord and Messenger
* Code collaboration via Git and Github
* Programming in Pycharm or Visual Studio Code

## Finished Tasks
* Tutorials provided on Toledo
* Linking everyones IDE with the repository

## Future Tasks
* Image stiching
* connecting two rasberry pi's
  
## Running Tasks (general)
/

## Running Tasks (individual)
N/A

#
#### Gelezen en goedgekeurd
Jasper Laitem <br/>
Jonas Buts <br/>
Lars Depuydt <br/>
Robin Ann√© <br/>
Ruben Janssen <br/>
Wout Bergmans